In this update, I have completed a lot of the core components of my project. I focused on each piece one at a time, adding layer by layer to see how each new addition affected the piece as a whole. I am pretty much completely finished the "past" side. It shows a boy, hunched over and clearly unhappy, walking through New York City. The Jerome Ave street sign helps to identify it as the Bronx, for those who know the area. On the other side, the "present" side, a man stands tall and looks to the sky. 

Above the young man, there is a silhouette of his late mother. Above the adult man, there is his late mother, father, and brother. Even with so much loss, he has grown stronger and happier. 

The next few steps in my project involve the present side and the words. I am not sure where I am going with the present side yet to represent happiness or where he is in life, and Im considering including a family in the background of the man, opaque so as not to steal attention away from him. For the words, I plan to write "Grow through what you go through", with emphasis on the singular word "GROW". 

The image is meant to represent growing and flourishing from our low points. It shows how a singular person can transform mentally if they allow themselves time to heal, learn, and change. I used my father's life as inspiration for this image. He grew up in the Bronx, and his mother died when he was only 14. He went through a lot of hard times as a young man, helping to care for his family, missing his mother, and trying to survive in a dangerous area where he often felt trapped. Now, as an adult, he has lost both of his parents and his best friend: his brother. Yet, he brings joy into every day. He has learned to see the good around him and within him, and is proud of where he has come from. His growth is something that inspired me every day.