##An Introduction

When brainstorming for my visual argument, I was very drawn to the artistic elements of it--not so much the advertising or influencing. That is why I immediately chose to work with the emphasizing a word. The brainstorming process brought me to the point of envisioning something I wanted to 'memorialize', per se. I thought of all the memories my father has told me about him growing up and how much my family values such stories. 

One of the things I found myself doing was choosing elements that would be best understood by my family and those close to my father--those who know his story. I added things that had meaning to us, partially limiting my audience to a smaller crowd. Yet, this was the absolute desire for this project. I wanted to put into visual form the changes and experiences of my father. 

I chose to contrast the difference between my father's childhood and adulthood. As a young boy, hardly a teenager, he lost his mother. Soon, his father fell into alcoholism and his brother and him soon became substitute-parents for his three sisters. He lived in the Bronx at the time, a very dangerous area for a young kid on his own, and many of his stories centered around his life on Jerome Avenue, the street that stretches almost all the way through the Bronx. His childhood was very dark and isolated, and I can only imagine the many times he probably lost hope.

As an adult, however, his past became one of his strengths. He saw how much he could overcome and how much he could persist through. He lost his father at still a young age, but had a knew-found understanding that his parents were still watching over him. He recently lost his brother, his best friend and confidant through all they had been through. This was hard for him, but it also forced him to grow even stronger yet. That is why I chose the statement "Grow through what you go through" to emphasize. My father's life truly is the epitome of growing through the curveballs life throws at you. His family watches over him now, surely proud of all he has accomplished and overcame in life. 